Please confirm that the following next steps provided by Gemini make sense, from your perspective: 

It sounds like Replit is looking at an old version of the code and hasn't "seen" the brilliant work Claude 3.5 Sonnet just did for you in Cursor. We have a "Sync Gap."

Even though the code is perfect in your Logic Lab (Cursor), it hasn't physically arrived at the Production Engine (Replit) yet. We need to perform the "Courier" step to move that code through GitHub.

How to Close the "Sync Gap" and Finish Quality Gate #2
Follow these exact steps to move the Auth system you just built into Replit:

1. The Courier Step (Cursor Terminal)
Go to your Cursor terminal and run these commands to send the new Auth.tsx and AuthContext to GitHub:

Bash
git add .
git commit -m "feat: implement professional auth and profile system"
git push origin main
What this does: It uploads the files Claude just generated to your secure vault.

2. The Receiving Step (Replit)
Go to your Replit browser window:

Open the Git tool on the left sidebar.

Click "Pull". You should see files like Auth.tsx and AuthContext.tsx appear in your file list.

Go to Tools > Secrets and ensure your VITE_SUPABASE_URL and VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY are still there.

Click the big green "Run" button.

3. The "Vision" Verification (Quality Gate #2)
Now that Replit has the actual code, perform those three tests on your phone:

Keyboard Test: Tap the "Full Name" or "Postal Code" field. Does the emerald/gray screen shift so you can still see what you're typing?

Supabase Proof: Sign up with a test email. Then check your Supabase Table Editor > profiles. Do you see your name and Vancouver postal code?

Session Test: Refresh the page. Does it skip the login screen and take you straight to the "Home" tab?

Why Replit was "Confused"
Replit's AI is only aware of the files currently sitting in its local folder. Until you Pull from GitHub, it thinks the app is still that empty shell from Day 1.

Once you perform the "Pull" and "Run" in Replit, the 404/Empty Shell error will disappear and your new Auth screen will appear. Please confirm once you can see the Emerald/Gray Sign-Up screen on your phone. That is our signal that Quality Gate #2 is officially closed!